Good morning family, praise the Lord. Day 46, glory to God. Thank you for joining me today.
As you can see, we're doing something different; we have the new green screen.
Braden's going to start making some different backgrounds—like a waterfall, a forest, or whatever—as he plays around with his editing.
He's trying to learn how to do new things, and I'm excited for him.
He's trying so hard to edit, do the shorts, and he works many hours trying to get the gospel out and helping me edit the videos.
I honor him; he's a good kid. I appreciate you, Braden. He's in here with me right now. Praise the Lord, y'all.
I know I said Ted Kennedy in the last video, and everybody said a thousand times it's not Ted Kennedy.
I know I messed up, but it sure helped with the algorithm. Every time you make a comment, it boosts me in the rankings.
It wasn't intentional, but I know his name is Robert Kennedy. I knew his face and I knew who he was.
After it was over, I was driving down the road and I said, 'Lord, I messed up.'He goes, 'Brandon, I knew who you were talking about.
It's all right; I know what was in your heart and who you were praying for.'It's interesting how many emails and comments I got about Ted Kennedy.
I know Teddy Kennedy went home after he was assassinated, but Robert Kennedy is still here.
I appreciate everybody trying to help me out; you're a blessing.
That whole video was amazing because I got that right out of the spirit, praying and interceding for Robert Kennedy to have wisdom on how to implement things to take authority.
We need to take authority over the demonic principalities that have had their hands on our healthcare system because the enemy is a kill, steal, and destroy devil.
God has come that you may have life and life more abundantly.
This is a serious time, from high-fructose corn syrup to all kinds of toxic things in our water and chemicals.
I believe God is raising up a man who has obviously been through the fire.
I don't always agree with everything everyone says, but the Lord said his heart is true for the people—trying to help them eat, drink, and live healthy, to live long and finish strong, and not to let the evil luciferian crowd have their agenda.
Ultimately, it's just the devil trying to take you out early, and God wants you to live a long, healthy life.
That's why I told you what the Lord told me and my wife last year.
This is not health advice, just full disclosure of what the Lord told Diana and me: after the month of November kicks in, around October, start taking 10,000 IUs of D3 a day with K2 to boost that through the winter months.
I asked the Lord why there are so many cold and flu viruses in the winter, and he said it's because D3 levels are going down.
He showed me that the more you are inside under artificial lights and not outside—since many people are in eight-to-five jobs—they aren't getting D3 in the winter. Your body stores D3 in the fat.
In the summer, people are outside swimming and doing activities, and your body soaks it up, but even then, we're not outside enough like farmers or people who worked outdoors.
Thank God for supplements. We find good brands. The Lord told me not every brand is a good brand to take, so I have researched.
Instead of telling you exactly what the Lord showed me, I pray God gives you wisdom because people will say I'm trying to endorse companies or give health advice.
I'm talking to a mixed crowd here: I have the really strong meat-eater believers, the baby believers, and the straight world.
I'm having to learn my audience. Every time I talk now, I'm going to say this is for the audience of the world, the believer, or the baby believer.
It makes it easier when I tell you I see a financial crisis or a major crash coming.
It's for the whole world, but not for the blood-bought, born-again believer who is filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We are called and separate unto him, and he will take care of his beloved.
Yes, we will see these things coming, but for me and my house, I'm not going to participate.
I will be provided for, just like he takes care of the sparrows and the lilies of the field.
When I tell you about the house of cards falling, debt calls, banks not wanting to loan money, and the housing market falling, that's for the world.
They don't understand how to believe God by faith for their covenant.
When I tell you I see a plague coming—a major plague that could kill 350 million people, like COVID on steroids—that's a warning for the believer to pray for protection, but ultimately it's to warn the world.
A great shaking is coming to awaken. I saw the first wave, COVID, months before it happened.
Not many prophetic voices were speaking then; nobody was really warning the body of Christ. I heard this six months prior and warned my congregation.
People thought it was fear-mongering, but I'm telling you by the spirit of God, there's another wave coming, possibly around 2026 or 2027.
I have an urgency in my spirit about praying for Robert Kennedy.
He will go in as a lion to uncover darkness that has been in the shadows; he's going to turn the light on.
We need to pray he gets into that position because this ties into the virus I've seen that could kill over 350 million people worldwide.
It will be released in Europe first and spread. President Trump was president when this happens.
Robert Kennedy will be over the FDA and health departments; we must pray he uncovers the darkness.
I've seen a major virus that will not be stopped with a vaccination.
They have genetically modified it, using a splice of COVID and other things; I watched them do it on computers using AI technology.
When they mingle it together, it creates a superbug they can't control.
It's very dangerous, particularly for the obese. The Lord spoke to me and rebuked me about my weight again.
He said, 'I warned you what was coming. What are you doing?'I said, 'Lord, I have a problem; I've been eating too much.
How do I get over this?'He said, 'Stop putting stuff in your mouth all the time.'It's simple.
I was eating too much and not exercising. He commissioned me to burn at least 500 calories a day on my bike or treadmill.
I'm as transparent as I can be. I told you about increasing D3 through the winter months.
There are things linked to D3 that protect your body, like selenium and Echinacea. Boosting your immune system is vital.
Going back to the Ted Kennedy thing, there is an urgency to pray the right people into position.
It's bigger than the presidency; it's life and death for some.
If you are morbidly obese—I told you the statistics of the healthcare industry from obesity—it is a killer.
The food they are putting in our grains and gluten causes intolerance and allergies.
Greed causes them to produce bad food, then sell prescriptions to fix the problems the food caused.
Instead of eating organic, natural things from a garden or hormone-free beef and chicken, people use injections for diabetes to lose weight.
Your pancreas works funny because of it. Do you understand how important it is for Robert Kennedy?
I'm trying to paint a picture of why the Holy Spirit told me to use this army of believers to come against this pharma demonic agenda to shorten your lifespan.
The devil is using columns of sin—gossip, lust—but he took obesity out and said, 'This one, gluttony, has not been dealt with.'He uses this for legalism in the spirit realm because he's the accuser of the brethren.
Where the body of Christ has been lackadaisical is in obesity.
We frown on lust, gossip, and drinking, but we okay obesity as a health issue.
A lot of people in the word of faith crowd are very heavy, and we bypass it.
I'm working on it too; I am determined to get healthy because the Lord rebuked me. I am free from eating disorders and eating for comfort.
Just going back to Robert Kennedy, we need people with a backbone to expose the darkness.
The virus looked like a DNA code; it was spliced and airborne.
I'm not trying to scare you, just wake you up. The enemy is afoot.
Father, I thank you for these people. We take authority over our bodies.
We take authority over the spirit of gluttony and obesity. I break that stronghold.
I thank you for deliverance from eating addictions, diabetes, and high blood pressure.
I speak healing to thyroids. We plead the blood over knees and joints so people can move. We have the mind of Christ—a sound mind.
We speak healing to eyes, cataracts, glaucoma, kidney disorders, and fatty liver disease.
No Alzheimer's, no dementia, no strokes. Jesus, you are the reason for the season.
Happy birthday, Lord! We want to give you a Christmas present—maybe a thousand souls.
Anoint us to do something supernatural today so that people see your glory. I pray over Robert Kennedy today.
I thank you that he will have favor to take his seat over the health administration. We get rid of Fauci; he is no more.
Bring in people of character to uncover wicked plots involving trillions of dollars.
Raise up Robert Kennedy for such a time as this. I pray for President Trump to be bold in his faith.
I pray a hedge of protection around him, his wife, children, and grandchildren.
I call for the deflating of the war in Ukraine and Russia. I bind those devils of war.
I say the plan for mass destruction in Poland is stopped. We will have our revival.
I pray over the oil in Israel and the Gulf; we will drill, baby, drill, and the oil will go over 200 dollars a barrel, bringing a supernatural wealth transfer to turn our nation's debt around.
We call Elon Musk born-again and filled with the Holy Spirit. May his technology be used for the kingdom of God.
I thank you that he would be a great influence on social media and perhaps purchase a news platform to produce godly news with anchors like Tucker Carlson.
This is a time of the wealth of the sinner, like another dot-com era coming with crypto.
I saw five pillars of crypto this morning. There will be certain cryptos that stand out as support beams; others will fall away.
There will be great regulations ahead to provide stability and prevent another FTX situation.
Focus on Him. He will show you the hidden things. If you get real with God, He will get real with you.
Stop being religious; religious spirits are bondage. Jesus is free.
Thank you for joining us. Subscribe and click the notification bell.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you. God bless you.